He crept along the cramped metal duct at a snail's pace, careful to avoid any
noise that might carry into the unlit rooms below. Halting at a nondescript
grate, he withdrew a folded slip of paper from a front pocket, unfolding it to
reveal a crudely sketched blueprint. If he'd tracked his turns correctly, he
should be within the processing facility of one of the Schnee Company's dust
mines. All that remained was to drop below and let his brothers and sisters in,
and his responsibilities would be complete.

_Scraaaaape!_

He winced, pausing abruptly. Getting this thing off of it's hinge was going to
be a nightmare. If any guards remained in the room below, he might already be
chock full of holes.

_Scraaaaape!_

It took another two hair-raising turns to completely open the grate, each time
after holding his breath to listen for commotion. He produced a coin from
another pocket, dropping it as he began counting. _Ding!_ Three seconds- a drop
he could handle unaided. And so he did, pale, slender tail streaming behind
him...

As he snagged an unexpected stack of barrels with an exceptional _crash_.

He sat dazed, feeling fine grains between his fingers- barrels of dust! It
didn't even matter what kind, currently. He grimaced, grabbed a handful, and
took an emphatic lick. He blinked, and the hazy shapes in his limited night
vision were replaced with much clearer blobs of white and red. Infrared- so the
dust was red! He scurried across the floor on all fours, diving behind what
looked like some type of conveyor system. Three of the colored blobs where
moving towards him!

An entrance to the room beyond opened, followed by the heavy _clang_ of
metallic feet and the soft whine of servo motors. No wonder the facility was
unlit, and no sign of humans remained. They weren't human. But would they see
him?


