The guard moaned softly before collapsing onto the floor. He wasn't dead, but
when he awoke hours later, he'd have what felt like one hell of a hangover.
That's why Quincy volunteered to sneak in. He's one of the few who could- and
would- manage without actually killing anybody. He patted the guards front
pockets until finding and swiping a security key-card. Finally, he could let
his brethren in.

Ironic, Quincy thought as he rose. A semblance that was almost useless for an
aspiring hunter against Grimm, "aura-transfer", was incredibly effective
against humans.

At the nearby terminal, he killed the lights and ran the key-card against the
scanner. The adjacent door slid open with a quiet _hiss_. He moved quickly,
back against the entrance, tasting the air with a long, forked tongue. Taste
would more than compensate for his sub-par night-vision (all the more obscured
by his fanged Grimm mask). Only traces of Dust and machine oil- nothing unusual
for a Schnee Dust processing plant. He rounded the door, only advancing a few
feet, before...

"Halt! You are trespassing on private Schnee property! Promptly disarm and..."

Damn! Damn damn damn. Atlas security androids, their silhouettes just visible
in the terminal light, masked by the smells of the processing machinery. He
couldn't wait for their monologue to conclude- by then their guns would be
raised. He drew his sword and pointed it at the nearest android.

Lacuna- Quincy's sword, held in a wood-patterned sheath hung from his belt by
wound celadon thread. Modeled after a Han _jian_, its thin, double-edged
blade extended three feet from an ornate but diminutive guard. Its pommel was a
revolver-like barrel and hammer, capped by ornate loops from which hung twin
celadon tassels. Against the threaded grip lay the hammer's trigger and
trigger-guard. Quincy's index finger wrapped the trigger, squeezing tightly.

The hammer cocked backwards, the barrel-pommel turned, and the hammer dropped.
In a heartbeat, Lacuna's blade exploded into segments, extending six, twelve,
eighteen feet along a small, metal cable, propelled by the gas of the shell. A
shower of sparks indicated that the android had been hit, but its raising rifle
proved the strike non-lethal. Quincy snapped his arm and released the trigger,
and the entire pommel mechanism spun wildly, pulling the thin cable,
reassembling the sword segments at the hilt. More sparks flew, and the
android's head hit the metal floor with a _thunk_, it's unfinished monologue
trailing into silence.
