The guard moaned softly before collapsing onto the floor. He wasn't dead, but
when he awoke hours later, he'd have what felt like one hell of a hangover.
That's why Quincy volunteered as the "locksmith". He's one of the few who
could- and would- manage without actually killing anybody. He systematically
patted the guard's pockets until finding and swiping the needed security
key-card. Finally, he could let his brethren in.

Ironic, Quincy thought as he rose. A semblance that was almost useless for an
aspiring hunter against Grimm was so incredibly effective against humans.

At the nearby control terminal embedded into hallway wall, he doused the lights and
ran the key-card against the scanner. The adjacent door slid open with a quiet
_hiss_. He moved quickly, back against the entrance, tasting the air with a
long, forked tongue. His other senses more than compensated for his sub-par
night-vision (all the more obscured by his fanged, red and white Grimm mask).
Only traces of Dust and machine oil- nothing unusual for a Schnee Dust
processing plant. He rounded the door, advancing only a few feet, before...

"Halt! You are trespassing on private Schnee property! Promptly disarm and..."

Damn! Damn damn damn. Of course the Schnees could afford Atlas security
androids. Their skeletal silhouettes were just visible via the faint backlight
of various electronics, their smells masked by those of the processing
machinery. He couldn't wait for their monologue to conclude- by then their
guns would be raised. He drew his sword and pointed it at the nearest android.

Lacuna- Quincy's sword, held in a wood-patterned sheath that hung from his belt
by wound celadon thread. Modeled after a Han _jian_, its thin, double-edged
blade extended three feet from an ornate but diminutive guard. Its pommel was a
revolver-like barrel and hammer, capped below by ornate loops from which hung
twin celadon tassels. Against the threaded grip lay the hammer's trigger and
trigger-guard, and around the trigger, Quincy's index finger squeezed tightly.

The hammer cocked backwards, the pommel-barrel turned, and the hammer dropped.
In a heartbeat, Lacuna's blade exploded forward, extending in segments across
six, twelve, eighteen feet along a threaded cable. A shower of sparks indicated
that the android had been hit, but its raising rifle proved the strike
non-lethal. Quincy snapped his arm and released the trigger, and the entire
pommel mechanism spun wildly, reeling in the thin cable, reassembling the sword
segments at the hilt. More sparks flew, and the android's sawed-off head hit
the metal floor with a _thunk_, it's unfinished monologue trailing into
silence.

Then the world went white.

Quincy lay sprawled in a daze against upturned drums, ears ringing, mask in
pieces. Under his hands he felt fine grains, like sand. Over him stood the
other security android, Quincy's golden eyes reflected in its cold, black
faceplate, its rifle aimed. It'd been a while since he'd felt a concussive
bolt. He knew at this range that another could be lethal.

"You are trespassing on priv..."

In a sheen of arcing electricity and orange sparks, the robot came to an
unexpected halt.

Aura-transfer- his semblance. Against a human, he could drain an aura like a
cold beer on a summer day. Or, if needed, he could transfer some back- so long
as they were touching. Which was entirely useless against beings without auras,
such as Grimm or security androids.

Unless channeled through Dust. Through Dust, an aura acquired some of the
Dust's properties- which he'd discovered when trying to replenish his, only
to be singed by sudden flames. Judging by the shorted-out robot standing above
him, it must be yellow Dust on which he lay. His pinkie finger still rested
against it's cold, metal boot.

Torchwick, Cinder, and dozens of mask-clad White Fang mulled under an overcast
night sky, backgrounded by numerous Bullhead aircraft, their engines tilted and
glowing, on standby. Occasionally, Torchwick or others would glance impatiently
at the Schnee processing facility's loading dock, until- with the hum of
mechanical motors and the clinking of chains- the array of bay doors all began
rising. In a door frame at the far end leaned Quincy, battered but whole.

"Well, kid" started Torchwick, in his typically condescending musical tone,
"looks like you had a bit of fun while we were waiting. Why don't you take a
seat? We'll take over from here." He turned to address the others. "Remember,
anything not bolted down is ours!" The mass of White Fang hurried in unison
into the building, carts in tow, trucks closely behind.

Quincy hissed under his breath. He didn't trust Torchwick farther than Lacuna
could reach. Why were they working with- working _for_- that human? How was
this advancing their cause? If his superiors- and he trusted them- had an
explanation, they hadn't bothered proffering it.

Quincy headed towards the loading ramp of one of the Bullheads, stopping to
assess his reflection in the window of a Schnee cargo truck. His usually
straight, bistre hair was matted to his tan skin. His open, black Zhongshan
jacket and undershirt were smeared with sweat and yellow dust, obscuring the
embroidery he favored. And, of course, his Grimm mask- the modern symbol of the
White Fang- had been destroyed. At least Lacuna faired well. He'd take time to
clean her properly while the others worked, lest the invasive dust have any
undesired effects.

It was some hours later when Quincy was awakened, Lacuna and a polishing cloth
in his lap, by the sound of his returning brethren. A trail of carts and trucks
carried crates of raw Dust crystals, barrels of processed Dust powder, and a
variety of unidentifiable machinery. Cinder shouted, clearly exasperated,
directing each load to its appropriate aircraft, while Torchwick paced
impatiently.

Eventually, the equipment was loaded and the aircraft engines began to whine,
preparing for ascent. Quincy purposely took a seat near the already-buckled
Torchwick and Cinder, trying to comprehend their intentions. Afterwards, he
would wish he'd chosen any other aircraft. He didn't expect to watch Torchwick
snap his fingers, asking "Would you do the honors?", or to watch Cinder raise
her hands into the air, the Dust lines in her clothing glowing ablaze. Through
the closing cargo ramp, Quincy stared in horror as the processing plant, and
everybody he had left inside, evaporated in a resounding fireball.
